feat: Platform and landingpage updates (#1252)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: ida-customizations/ida-course/LPs/week-3/index.md

<HighlightBox type="info">

**Live Sessions**

<br/>

This week you were able to join the two live sessions on **September 29th**, _Introduction to CosmJS_ with Noam Cohen, Developer Relations Lead for Cosmos Hub and on **October 3rd**, _Introduction to IBC_ with Thomas Dekeyser, Developer Relations Engineer for IBC.

<br/>

> This are the recordings in case you want to recap the live sessions of this week or could not attend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the recordings in case you wanted to recap the live sessions of this week or could not attend:
```

Author: @CitMC lang update backlog - this change is not direct part of this PR.
